"Completing" Sum of continuum-many Right Ray Topology on the Reals (S82) (#1516)
pi-base/data: properties/P000073.md

#### Meta-properties

- The Kolmogorov quotient $\text{Kol}(X)$ is {P73} iff $X$ is {P192}.

> - This property is hereditary with respect to connected sets.

Reviewer: This is not correct, see S48 with a connected subspace S15.
```suggestion
- This property is hereditary with respect to open sets and closed sets.
```

Reviewer: The result is correct, though it was not used here.
